Add support for optional aws credentials for s3 for ingestion (#9375)
apache/druid: docs/development/extensions-core/s3.md

### S3 authentication methods

> To connect to your S3 bucket (whether deep storage bucket or source bucket), Druid use the following credentials providers chain

Reviewer: Not your change but..
 
```suggestion
Druid uses the following credentials provider chain to connect to your S3 bucket (whether a deep storage bucket or source bucket). 
```

Author: Done

> **Note :** *Below authentication chain can be overridden for connecting to source bucket by specifying the [properties](../../ingestion/native-batch.md#s3-input-source) parameter in the ingestionSpec.*

Reviewer: I think the doc normally uses a carrot to format note-style paragraphs, like the ones on https://druid.apache.org/docs/latest/tutorials/cluster.html#with-zookeeper-on-master for example. 

I'd use that style, or this could just be a regular second sentence in the paragraph. In either case, I'd rephrase a bit: 

> You can override the default credentials provider chain by specifying an access key using [Properties Object parameters](../../ingestion/native-batch.md#s3-input-source) in the ingestionSpec.

Author: This is more for like a second sentence in the paragraph. Similar to other note on this page.

Author: You can override the default credentials provider chain for connecting to source bucket by specifying an access key and secret key using Properties Object parameters in the ingestionSpec.
